Adding information about Flutter and the utility (#24)
dwyl/learn-flutter: README.md

Flutter in an open Source SDK for creating high-performance mobile apps for IOS and Android.
The Flutter makes it easier for you to build user interfaces, while reducing the amount of code required to create and update your app.

## Why use Flutter?

> - Flutter can be used to build applications for Android and IOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flutter can be used to build cross platform native applications (Android, IOS, Desktop and Web) using the same codebase.
```

Author: You're totally right after seeing more that you want to pass Flutter not only to Android and IOS but also to other platforms

> - The Dart language used in Flutter is quite similar to Java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Dart programming language used in Flutter is object oriented and familiar to most developers.
```
Comparing `Dart` to `Java` might be _accurate_ but it's not a _favourable_ comparison. 
A lot of people who write code for a living *hate* `Java` because it's _very_ repetitive and has lots of boilerplate. https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/9dzpu/ask_reddit_why_does_everyone_hate_java
The people who "love" `Java` is because they have https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockholm_syndrome

Author: Even in the Flutter Architecture video and compared to C++ or Java as being object oriented.

> - We can update the application in real time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Development times are significantly faster than other cross-platform frameworks thanks to stateful hot-reloading and excellent virtual device support.
```
_updating_ the application in "real time" is not strictly accurate. 
if anything the App can be reloaded on a device connected to the IDE in "soft real time". 
see: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17308956/differences-between-hard-real-time-soft-real-time

Author: Truth is not in real time but "Hot reload" allows it to be quite fast.

> - If we close the application when we open it again we can continue from where we were

Reviewer: This benefit is not _exclusive_ to Flutter development and it's _unclear_ what this means. 
Are you saying that you can pickup your work in the IDE or When you re-open the test app on the _device_?

Author: I was talking about getting us back to where we were at the IDE.

But it probably wasn't the best advantage of using Flutter.
There is also the "Hot reload" advantage that allows the developer to see changes made only to what was modified without having to run the application from the beginning again.
Flutter reloads only the screen that was changed and faster.

Reviewer: All modern IDEs have this feature so that people don't lose their work when the IDE or OS crashes.
Try opening a Phoenix project in Atom. Open a bunch of files in several tabs. 
Quit the Atom and re-open it. You'll see that the active tab will still be active when you re-open the app.

Hot reloading _is_ a major benefit of Dart/Flutter. 👍

> - Flutter benefits from several objects that help us to facilitate the construction process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flutter has a _complete_ design system with a library of Material UI widgets included which speed up the development process.
```
what is an "object" in the context of an object oriented language? 
and how _many_ is _several_? Is it 10? or 1000?
_all_ app development platforms have "several objects" the question on people's mind is: 
"does it have _everything_ I need to build my app?"
To which the answer is: Yes!

## Core Principles

> Flutter is designed for the creation of 2D mobile applications.</br> 

Reviewer: This is true. But you don't need to say "2D" because if it's not "3D" then "2D" is assumed. 
Also there are people who have built 3D Widgets in Unity and used the in Flutter apps,
so it's 100% possible to build a 3D game with flutter, it's just not the _norm_ (_yet_).
see: https://hackernoon.com/what-i-learned-writing-game-from-scratch-with-flutter-ls82g31rj

> It contains several widgets and tools that facilitate the realization of an app.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
The idea that it has a widget library is covered above, no need to repeat it here.
https://github.com/dwyl/learn-flutter/pull/24/files#r376770648

Author: Of course it doesn't make sense to repeat

## Widgets

> Widget is a component that can be used to simplify the process of building applications.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Flutter _everything_ is a "Widget". 
A Widget is a UI building block you can use to assemble your app.
You can use one of the many built-in Material UI widgets or create your own from scratch.</br>
```

> It usually contains windows, buttons, icons, menus, scroll bars and other features.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Widget is a UI building block you can use to assemble your app.
Examples of Widgets include dialog windows, buttons, icons, menus, scroll bars and cards.
You can use one of the many built-in Material UI widgets or create your own from scratch.</br>
```

> A widget can define:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A widget can be defined as:
```

Author: I still have to practice a lot of English 😄

> - Physical elements of an application (buttons, menus or bars)

Reviewer: The examples of what a widget is, are already included above: https://github.com/dwyl/learn-flutter/pull/24/files#r376771381
This is repetition. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself

Author: Sometimes I forget that it was already written on top or I think it would be good to solidify the idea but then it becomes very repetitive.

> - Visual elements such as colors  

Reviewer: Technically a `color` can be _applied_ to a widget but it is not _the_ widget itself.
You need to create a `widget` with a specific area and then _apply_ the color "red" to it.

Author: Of course I can create a button and give the button a color but the widget is the button not the color. Okay, I get it now. 😃

> - Elements of the application aspect such as edges or the padding of the screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Layout and positioning of elements on the screen using a grid system
```
https://flutter.dev/docs/development/ui/layout

> Widgets form a hierarchy whenever we use one of them we will have another that will complement it.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Widgets are assembled in declarative hierarchy which allows us to easily organise the layout of our App as a series of nested widgets.</br>
```
This sentence does not make much sense.  I know what you _mean_ to say here, but the sentence does not convey your intended meaning. Yes, there is a hierarchy and widgets are nested but "complement it" is out of place.

Author: As I wrote before, I still have to practice the English very well. 😄

> There are widgets that are used in all applications and some that are used in specific situations.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This sentence is stating the obvious and does not add anything.

> ![Screen Shot 2020-02-06 at 19 01 17](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27420533/73969408-4475d280-4913-11ea-8384-99c863321155.png)

Reviewer: Good image showing the _hierarchy_ of widgets. Did you _create_ the diagram?
If you didn't _create_ it from scratch, please _attribute_ it to the source where you got it.

e.g: this gif explains the Flutter widget hierarchy visually:
![flutter-widgets-gif](https://res.cloudinary.com/practicaldev/image/fetch/s--gCy5MuRs--/c_limit%2Cf_auto%2Cfl_progressive%2Cq_66%2Cw_880/https://thepracticaldev.s3.amazonaws.com/i/q0m1c1s77u7uky4zwh2m.gif)
See: https://dev.to/rubensdemelo/flutter-widget-tree-and-state-management-31an

Author: Wow is a really good and different illustration of how Flutter works.
Super interesting a diagram like this. 🆒 😃

> They are composed of several other small widgets that have only one function but if we add them we will have a functional application.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screens are composed of several small widgets that have only one job. Groups of widgets are assembled together to build a functional application.</br>
```

> Widgets are themselves often composed of many small, single-purpose widgets that combine to produce powerful effects.</br>

Reviewer: @miguelmartins17 please do not copy-paste directly from the Flutter docs. 
[google search](https://www.google.com/search?q=Widgets+are+themselves+often+composed+of+many+small%2C+single-purpose+widgets+that+combine+to+produce+powerful+effects.&oq=Widgets+are+themselves+often+composed+of+many+small%2C+single-purpose+widgets+that+combine+to+produce+powerful+effects.&aqs=chrome..69i57.209j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/74018037-146b1580-498d-11ea-84ed-7b94d910ce44.png)
What you have added here is ***identical*** to the Flutter Technical overview
https://flutter.dev/docs/resources/technical-overview
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/74018259-83486e80-498d-11ea-83c6-ad7f5d5a7724.png)
Maybe your teachers did not _care_ about students copy-pasting large blocks of text  but we do.
1. it does not show that you have _learned/understood_ the concepts; it just shows you are being lazy. 
2. You should be learning how to _synthesize_  (_or "summarise" if you prefer_) other people's writing.
3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plagiarism

Please re-write this in your own words or simply _link_ to the official docs given that they include images and have been written by professional technical writers.

> For example the Container contains other widgets that have functions like layout, placement and size.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example the Container widget contains other widgets that have functions like layout, placement and size.</br>
```

> You can control the Widget layout using these other smaller widgets.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screen layout is controlled combining a container and other smaller widgets.</br>
```

There are some widgets that have no physical form within the application instead their goal and control some aspects of another Widget.</br>
Like: padding, alignment, row, columns, and grids.</br>

## Layers

> The Flutter is formed by several layers that are each layer and built one on top of the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Flutter layout can have layers to create a visual effect where certain widgets "float" on top of others to give them priority.
```

> ![Screen Shot 2020-02-07 at 09 06 06](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27420533/74015797-36629900-4989-11ea-8ec1-757aecad18ce.png)

Reviewer: Another good image, but it looks _familiar_ ... https://www.zup.com.br/blog/flutter
Please ***attribute*** the _source_ of images when you "borrow" them from someone `else`'s blog post. 💭

> The top layers are normally used more often than the bottom layers even if they have the same importance within the application.</br>

Reviewer: This sentence does not add any value. Layers are designed to show priority in a visual system. The Top layer will _always_ be the most relevant layer in a layout. 
```suggestion

```

> The great goal of Flutter is to be organized in this way and reduce the code allowing us to use the different Widgets within the layers always forming a satisfactory result for the user.</br>

Reviewer: This sentence is _way_ too long so the reader gets lost half way through reading ... https://wordcounter.net 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/74101285-2638ee00-4b30-11ea-8a7c-93822d8493de.png)
```suggestion
Flutter's uses layers to represent visual hierarchy layout reduce the code allowing us to use the different Widgets within the layers always forming a satisfactory result for the user.</br>
```

Read: https://insidegovuk.blog.gov.uk/2014/08/04/sentence-length-why-25-words-is-our-limit/

Author: This certain too much text or information may lead users not to read everything or then lose it if in the middle.

## Building Widgets

> To be able to use the widgets we always have to use the build() function that will later allow us to use all the widgets needed to build the application.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assemble our widgets we use the `build()` function. e.g:
`Widget build(BuildContext context) { ...` 
```

> For example, the menu bar should have the build() function to be able to carry all the buttons or some text.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `appBar` menu needs to be invoked using the **`build()`** function. 
It can then have other nested "child" widgets such as buttons or text.</br>
```

## User Interaction

> If we need to use a widget that will change according to the user's interaction that widget will be the StatefulWidget.</br> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **`StatefulWidget`** widget, as its' name suggests, stores the **`state`** of the UI it represents.
For example the **`counter`** widget stores the **_counter** variable 
which keeps track of the number of times the user has clicked the button.
All user interaction that requires storing some data/input uses a **`StatefulWidget`** widget.</br> 
```

> If we need to use a widget that will change according to the user's interaction that widget will be the StatefulWidget.</br>

Reviewer: This is an _exact_ duplicate of the sentence on line 63 (_which I have made a suggestion about_). 
Did you [_proofread_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proofreading) the PR _before_ assigning it to me for review? 💭 
```suggestion

```

> When you change a State object , you must call setState() to warning the structure to update the user interface by calling the State’s build method again.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you change the State of an object, you must call `setState()`  to update the UI by invoking the State’s `build` method.</br>
```
